README.md, before:

# HASS-BlueCon

[![hacs_badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/HACS-Custom-41BDF5.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/hacs/integration)

<a href="#" style="text-align: center;">
 <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/522190c4-3b73-49cd-98ba-a6153c7800b4" width="15%" height="15%" alt="Fermax Blue" text-align="center" margin="0 0 0 0">
</a>

<br> This project is in a lower than alpha state. Unfortunately I do not have the time to progress on it as much as I would like. 

## 📑 Description

HASS-BlueCon to connect with the API (Show user information, Show intercom information, Intercom history, open the door)

## 📑 Usage

Under construction

## Add HASS-BlueCon to Home Assistant

[![hacs_badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/HACS-Custom-41BDF5.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/hacs/integration)

[![Install repository](https://my.home-assistant.io/badges/hacs_repository.svg)](https://my.home-assistant.io/redirect/hacs_repository/?owner=AfonsoFGarcia&repository=hass-bluecon&category=integration)

[![Add Integration](https://my.home-assistant.io/badges/config_flow_start.svg)](https://my.home-assistant.io/redirect/config_flow_start?domain=hass-bluecon)

## ⚠️ Disclaimer

There are currently errors with the camera device

This script was tested on a Fermax VEO-XS WIFI 4,3" DUOX PLUS (REF: 9449)

## 📚 Documentation

- App Usage and Configuration: [All Documentation](docs/index.md)

## 📑 Minimum System Requirements

- [Home Assistant 2024.3.0](https://www.home-assistant.io/installation/)
- [Python3.11](https://www.python.org/downloads/)

## 📑 Recommended System Requirements

- [Home Assistant 2024.9.1](https://www.home-assistant.io/installation/)
- [Python3.12](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
  
## ☕ Support me

Support me to improve HASS-BlueCon

If you are willing to contribute to it, please feel free to open PRs and I'll try to review them.

## ⌨️ Contributions

- [cvc90](https://github.com/cvc90) - Spanish translations and other improvements

## 📑 License
  MIT License | [Read more here](LICENSE) | Source of the [animated GIF (Loading Animation)](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Loading_Animation.gif) | Source of the [selfhosted Fonts](https://github.com/adobe-fonts/source-sans)

Commit message:

Added warning about integration state

README.md, after:

> [!WARNING]
> At the request of Fermax, significant changes to the underlying library used by HASS-BlueCon have caused the integration to be currently broken.
> Please follow for more updates on this discussion -> https://github.com/AfonsoFGarcia/hass-bluecon/discussions/6


# HASS-BlueCon

[![hacs_badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/HACS-Custom-41BDF5.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/hacs/integration)

<a href="#" style="text-align: center;">
 <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/522190c4-3b73-49cd-98ba-a6153c7800b4" width="15%" height="15%" alt="Fermax Blue" text-align="center" margin="0 0 0 0">
</a>

<br> This project is in a lower than alpha state. Unfortunately I do not have the time to progress on it as much as I would like. 

## 📑 Description

HASS-BlueCon to connect with the API (Show user information, Show intercom information, Intercom history, open the door)

## 📑 Usage

Under construction

## Add HASS-BlueCon to Home Assistant

[![hacs_badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/HACS-Custom-41BDF5.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/hacs/integration)

[![Install repository](https://my.home-assistant.io/badges/hacs_repository.svg)](https://my.home-assistant.io/redirect/hacs_repository/?owner=AfonsoFGarcia&repository=hass-bluecon&category=integration)

[![Add Integration](https://my.home-assistant.io/badges/config_flow_start.svg)](https://my.home-assistant.io/redirect/config_flow_start?domain=hass-bluecon)

## ⚠️ Disclaimer

There are currently errors with the camera device

This script was tested on a Fermax VEO-XS WIFI 4,3" DUOX PLUS (REF: 9449)

## 📚 Documentation

- App Usage and Configuration: [All Documentation](docs/index.md)

## 📑 Minimum System Requirements

- [Home Assistant 2024.3.0](https://www.home-assistant.io/installation/)
- [Python3.11](https://www.python.org/downloads/)

## 📑 Recommended System Requirements

- [Home Assistant 2024.9.1](https://www.home-assistant.io/installation/)
- [Python3.12](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
  
## ☕ Support me

Support me to improve HASS-BlueCon

If you are willing to contribute to it, please feel free to open PRs and I'll try to review them.

## ⌨️ Contributions

- [cvc90](https://github.com/cvc90) - Spanish translations and other improvements

## 📑 License
  MIT License | [Read more here](LICENSE) | Source of the [animated GIF (Loading Animation)](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Loading_Animation.gif) | Source of the [selfhosted Fonts](https://github.com/adobe-fonts/source-sans)
